# Privacy Policy for Stichting Gridt

At Gridt, accessible via http://www.gridt.org (referred to as 'homepage') and http://app.gridt.org (referred to as 'Gridt app'), one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document explains which types of information are recorded and collected by Gridt and how we use them.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us. You can do so by sending an email to info@gridt.org.

This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for users of the Gridt app and visitors to our homepage. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than the app or the website.

## Consent

By using our application and website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.

## Information we collect

- When you register for an account on the Gridt application, we ask for your email address and a username of your choice.
- If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.
- By making use of the Gridt application, data generated by your interaction with Gridt app interface is recorded and collected. These data include messages sent through the Gridt app and information you choose to provide in your profile.
- For any other personal information that you may be asked to provide, the reasons why you are asked to provide it will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide this personal information.

## Cookies and Web Beacons

Our website www.gridt.org makes use of 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
Our webpage is hosted by Wordpress.com. Please click the respective links to read the applicable <a href="https://automattic.com/cookies/">cookie policy</a> and <a href="https://automattic.com/privacy/">privacy policy</a>.

You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.

## Log Files

Gridt follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the <a href="https://www.privacypolicygenerator.info">Privacy Policy Generator</a> and the <a href="https://www.disclaimergenerator.org/">Disclaimer Generator</a>.

## How your information may be used

Non-personal (quantitative) information that is obtained by us from your use of the Gridt app will be used to analyze how you use the Gridt app and processed for (scientific) puclication. Data that will not be used for this purpose include: your email address, username, or any information you choose to provide in or attach to messages sent via the Gridt app interface.
Your email address may be used to contact you in order to provide updates and information on the use of the Gridt app or our initiative in general. It may also be used for marketing and promotional purposes directly related to Stichting Gridt.

In addition, we may use the information we collect other ways, including to:

- Provide, operate, and maintain our homepage and the Gridt app;
- Improve, personalize, and expand our homepage and the Gridt app;
- Understand and analyze how you use our homepage and the Gridt app;
- Find and prevent fraud or misuse of our homepage or the Gridt app.

## How your information will not be used

Personal information that you have provided to us via either the homepage or the Gridt app in the ways specified above will not be:
- sold to or shared with third parties;
- sold to or shared with collaborating partners without your explicit consent
- made public in a form that can be traced back to you as an individual.

## Partner Privacy Policies

Gridt's Privacy Policy does not apply to partnered websites or services, including those that are being linked to from our homepage or those that are used to improve the service of the Gridt app. A list of partnered organizations and services is available on our homepage. You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Gridt.

## Third Party Privacy Policies

Gridt's Privacy Policy does not apply to other websites or services, including those that are being linked to from our homepage or those that are used to improve the service of the Gridt app. Thus, we advise you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third parties before using them in the way suggested by us. ad servers for more detailed information. These may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. Third parties that are associated with our project include:

- <a href="https://www.opencollective.com/">OpenCollective</a>.
- <a href="https://www.github.com/">Github</a>.
- <a href="https://en.gravatar.com/">Gravatar</a>.

## GDPR Data Protection Rights

We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
- The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data.
- The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
- The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
- The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
- The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
- The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
- If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.

## CCPA Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)

Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:
Request that a business that collects a consumer's personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.
Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.
Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.

## Children's Information

Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.

Gridt does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
